I think your reality check bounced.
You're like a box of Pampers, self-absorbed and full of shit.
You could go to Hell on a full scholarship.
I'd slap you in the face, but I don't want to get slut all over my hands.
Do I get bonus points if I act like I care?
I'm not saying she's fat, but whatever the opposite of a hunger strike is, she's on that.
You sir, are like the human version of period cramps.
Just because it pops into your head doesn't mean it has to come out of your mouth.
You don't need to pay to see pussy, just look in the mirror.
Take care of your eyes. They're the only balls you have.
You should look both ways before getting on my nerves.
You seem to think you're a tall glass of champagne, but you're really just warm piss in a plastic cup.
You remind me of school in July. No class.
It's probably your age that makes people think you're an adult.
Never mind a nude photo. Send me a picture of your medicine cabinet so I know what kind of psycho I'm dealing with.
From the first time I saw you, I knew I was going to give you the wrong phone number.
If you look close enough, that high horse you're riding on is actually a donkey.
I'm not saying she's a tramp, but she should be rated "E" for Everyone.
The only thing you have in common with a Victoria Secret model is that you're hungry all the time.
You should name your crotch "lottery ticket" because you're always scratching it.
Stop petting my peeves.
Her fashion sense is called "clothes that still fit."
Oh sweetie, they don't make Febreze strong enough to deal with your shit.
I see your problem. You're stupid.
All I know is one of us is right and the other one is you.
Her weight goal is one chin.
If you're testing my waters, you better know how to swim.
She's swallowed so many kids, everything she says is childish.
Today, my middle finger will be answering all of your questions.
Shit happens. I mean, look at your face.
Just how closely related were your parents?
They say you're a real lady killer. Do they take one look at you and die laughing?
It must be hard putting makeup on your two faces everyday.
Your crazy is showing. You might want to tuck that back in.
You're dating my ex? Cool. I'm eating a sandwich. Do you want those leftovers too?
Oh sweetie, that high horse makes your ass look huge.
She's so fat, the only vehicle that would impress her is a food truck.
I tried to put myself in your shoes, but they were cheap and ugly.
I never said you were immature. I said you could dress up like an adult for Halloween.
No matter how low I lower the bar of expectation, somehow you manage to roll right under it.
Fall in love with your bills and maybe they'll leave you too.
I'm not sayin' she's easy, but she's been under more sheets than the KKK.
You look sad today. Is it because of your haircut?
Why don't you check eBay and see if they have a life for sale?
Of course I talk like an idiot. How else would you understand me?
Your pants say yoga, but your ass says McDonald's.
Like a good neighbor, stay over there.
You're so dumb, you thought Ariana Grand was a font.
I'll eat a bowl of water with a fork before I care what you think about me.
You're so ugly, you couldn't get a dog to lick you if you were covered in gravy.
Saying "He's a nice person once you get to know him," is like saying "He's a jerk, but you'll get used to it."
Roses are red, violets are blue. The smell of shit, reminds me of you.
If only your teeth were as white as your legs.
I need a leaf blower, but for people.
I would give you a nasty look, but I see you already have one.
Sorry for the mean, awful, accurate things I said.
She's so old she didn't celebrate Christmas as a child because Christ wasn't born yet.
Your birth certificate should be an apology letter from a condom factory.
A body like hers doesn't happen overnight. It takes pregnancy, neglect and some extra slices of pizza.
There are so many stupid people around here, I'm going to have to open my dumbrella.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
I was pro-life until I met you.
My idea of "Help from above" is a sniper on the roof.
You need to stop, drop and roll away from me.
Try being informed instead of just opinionated.
I'm not saying he was a disappointing date, but he could run into a wall with an erection and break his nose.
If you can't help, shutting up is the best option.
You're like a human version of a migraine.
I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
You need a kiss on the neck from a crocodile.
Did you know that you have the right to remain silent even when you're not being arrested?
You're about as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
She's so fat her Fitbit dialed 911.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you over the little voice in my head screaming, "What a load of crap!"
If I threw a stick, you'd leave, right?
If you were sad about being alone on Valentine's Day, just remember: No one loves you on the other days of the year either.
If you ever shave your legs you could donate to Locks Of Love.
She's so fat you'd need a commercial driver's licence to ride her.
I'm sure that whatever you have to say can wait until you're smarter.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
If you find me offensive, I suggest you quit finding me.
You're like a grey sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
I really wish I could understand you, but I don't bark.
I must have Alzheimer's, because I don't remember asking for your opinion.
I didn't mean to offend you, but it was a huge bonus.
The difference between you and a Christmas tree is the Christmas tree looks good with the lights on.
I'd like to give you a high five. In the face. With a chair.
If you ever decide to kill yourself, you could climb your ego and jump to your I.Q.
I had a wet dream about you last night. I pissed myself laughing when you fell off a cliff.
You're like a plunger. You keep bringing up old shit.
If you judge me by my past, don't be surprised when you become part of it.
Memories of you make me look forward to Alzheimers.
I'm not saying I hate you, but if you ever get hit by a bus, I'll be driving that bus.
She's so fake, I bet if you look behind her neck it says "Made In China."
Since you know it all, you should also know when to shut the fuck up.
On your mark. Get set. Go away!
Do you comb your hair with a balloon?
Since you know it all, you should also know when to shut the fuck up.
Don't forget to grab a straw, 'cause you suck.
If there's anything else you need, please hesitate to ask.
Take care of your eyes. They're the only balls you have.
A word to the wise ain't necessary. It's the stupid ones who need the advice.
She has a face like a dog looking into a spoon.
I'm not saying she's fat, but she enjoys long, romantic walks to the refrigerator.
Your face is fine, but you should put a bag over your personality.
I'm in one of those bad moods where I'd just like to throw a book at your face and say, "I just facebooked you!"
Two things: 1 - Where have you been all my life? 2 - Can you please go back there?
Don't let your mind wander. It's too small to be let out on its own.
She's so ugly she could bring a tear to a glass eye.
I'm jealous of all the people who haven't met you.
You're not the kind of person I'd put on speaker phone.
You say you have a bad back? Your front is nothing to write home about either.
You're not pretty enough to be that stupid.
Why don't you go stick a fork in an outlet and call it a day.
You're about as useless as a back pocket on a t-shirt.
Before coffee I hate everyone. After coffee I feel good about hating everyone.
Stupidity is not a crime, so you're free to go.
Yeah, you have your shit together. But it's still shit.
I'm not saying she drinks too much, but her birthstone is a wine cork.
It would be nice if you took a chill pill. It would be even nicer if you choked on it.
Someday you'll go far... and I hope you stay there.
Your only chance of getting laid is to crawl up a chicken's butt and wait.
Yo mama is so fat, when she asked for a water bed they put a blanket over the ocean.
Sometimes I wonder how you can fit all of that stupid into one head.
The doctor called with the results of your colonoscopy. Good news! They found your head.
My silence only means that you're not worth the argument.
Oops, my bad. I could have sworn I was dealing with an adult.
Your mind is like someone emptied a junk drawer onto a trampoline.
You're calling me ugly? What do you think I am, a mirror?
You aren't just missing a screw. It's more like the whole tool box is gone.
You remind me of a carnival ride. Everyone gets a turn, then after a few minutes they get off you to find a place to puke.
I will paint a house with a Q-Tip before I worry about why you aren't speaking to me.
You look sad today. Why don't you go cuddle with your toaster in the bathtub?
Yo mama is so fat, when she told me her weight I thought she was giving me her phone number.
You might have a million dollar body, but you have a food stamp face.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?
If I had a face like yours I sue my parents.
You have all the grace of a golden retriever on a freshly waxed floor.
Luckily you don't have enough friends for an intervention.
You're fat, but don't sugarcoat it or you'll eat that too.
You're about as popular as a bonus track on a Yoko Ono album.
The fact that jellyfish have survived for millions of years despite not having brains should give you hope.
You may be dressed up on the outside, but you're messed up on the inside.
I never said you were crazy. I just said that your family coat of arms ties at the back.
I feel the urge to tell you to shut up even when you aren't talking.
Oh yeah, you're street smart. Sesame Street.
Instead of looking up your family tree, why not just get a packet of seeds and start over?
I'm not saying you're fat, but if you get murdered your chalk line would be a circle.
Being married to her was like a walk in the park. Jurassic Park.
She's so old, she was a waitress at The Last Supper.
I'd tell you to go to Hell, but Satan still has a restraining order against you.
You're so narrow minded you could see through a key hole with both eyes.
If I had a pocket full of fucks, I still wouldn't give one.
You have a smile that could light up the whole psych ward.
She's so fat, her stomach is no longer an internal organ.
Why don't you put an 'out of order' sign on your forehead and call it a day?
If brains were gasoline, you couldn't run an ant's go-kart two laps around a cheerio.
If life is a highway you've obviously taken a dirt road.
She's so fat, I pictured her in my head and nearly broke my neck.
She's such a bitch. I think she must be having someone else's period.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
You haven't lost all of your marbles, but there is a small hole in the bag.
Is your brain giving you the silent treatment today?
If stupid was a disability you'd get a monthly check.
Nobody wants to be with somebody who's been with everybody.
I think senility will be a fairly smooth transition for you.
Clearly wit is a skill you have yet to master.
You're so ugly you could make an onion cry.
I thought I would never laugh again, but then I saw your new girlfriend.
You're so ugly, you could get treated at the vet and no one would ask any questions.
From the first time I saw you I knew I was going to give you the wrong phone number.
I want you to know that someone cares. Not me, but someone.
I've got heels higher than your standards.
If I give you a straw, will you go suck the fun out of somebody else's day?
You're so ugly your memory foam mattress is trying to forget you.
From the moment we met I knew I wanted to spend my whole life without you.
You are just such a treasure that I'd like to bury you.
You should get one of those Life Alert bracelets, so if you ever get a life, you'll be notified immediately.
He's so short, when he met Santa, St. Nick said, "Get back to work!"
She's so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
She's so fat, when she took her dress to the dry cleaners they said, "Sorry, we don't do curtains."
You're so dumb you thought Virgin Mobile was a nun in a wheelchair.
Just a little FYI... I'm all out of the medicine that makes me like you.
It isn't that I'm not a people person, I'm just not a stupid people person.
I may not be perfect, but at least I'm not you.
You're so dumb, you thought you could only listen to an AM radio in the morning.
What happened? Did your train of thought leave the station without you?
If ugly was a science, you'd have a PhD.
You have the rest of your life to be a loser, why not take today off?
You know you're ugly when they hand you the camera for a group picture.
If a zombie was looking for brains, he'd walk right by you.
I have selective hearing. Unfortunately, you weren't selected.
You're about as useful as a knitted condom.
The last thing I want to do is insult you, but it is on my list.
You give my middle finger an erection.
You're so ugly you could get a job at a bakery posing for animal crackers.
So, you think all men are the same? Who told you to try them all?
Are you always this stupid, or is this a special occasion?
If you have an opinion about my life, raise your hand. Now put it over your mouth.
You're so full of shit, the toilet is jealous.
God wasted a perfectly good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth.
If you're going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
I added your name to my contact list. I named you "Do Not Answer."
It's not that I don't like you, it's just that I feel better when you're not around.
I wish you were fluent in silence.
The first step is admitting you're a problem.
You need a speed bump between your brain and your mouth.
Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
If my dog had a face like yours I'd shave its ass and make it walk backwards.
Can someone die from constipation? I'm a little worried about how full of shit you are.
I think you should socially distance from your refrigerator.
Some people look like a million bucks. You look like insufficient funds.
Some people say their body is a temple. Yours is more of a bouncy castle.
I'm not saying you're stupid. Let's just say you're unlucky when it comes to thinking.
How do I block you in real life?
Abracadabra! Nope, you're still a loser.
I'd like to send you a "Get Better Soon" card. I know you're not sick, I just think you can do better.
Instead of Chapstick you should use a glue stick.
Why don't you put an "Out Of Order" sign on your forehead and call it a day?
Well, aren't you a little ray of pitch black.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
I've met some pricks in my time, but you my friend are a fucking cactus.
I squint at the sun because it's bright. I squint at you because you're not.
A penny for your thoughts seems a little pricey.
After meeting you, I feel sorry for your dog.
I'd spray WD-40 in your mouth if I thought it would stop that awful noise you're making.
I checked my receipt. I didn't buy any of your bullshit.
There's someone for everyone, and the person for you is a psychiatrist.
I'm sorry for the mean, awful, accurate things I said.
I'd love to stay and talk, but I'm lying.
Your flexibility amazes me! How do you get your foot in your mouth and your head up your ass all at the same time?
Some people are wise. You are otherwise.
You make me wish I had more middle fingers.
Just checking on you... I heard a loud pop and thought you might have pulled your head out of your ass.
I wouldn't say you are stupid. You are, but I wouldn't say it.
Life is full of little disappointments, and I just added you to my list.
I could eat a can of alphabet soup and shit a better argument than yours.
I'm not saying I hate you. What I'm saying is that you are literally the Monday of my life.
People like you are the reason they have to put directions on shampoo.
I didn't mean to push all of your buttons. I was just looking for mute.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
I figured out why you look so bad in pictures. It's your face.
If stupid could fly, you'd be a jet.
Loser, I'm not insulting you. I'm describing you.
Of course we can be friends... just not with each other.
I may have been dropped on my head when I was a kid, but you sir were clearly flung against a wall.
On your mark. Get set. Go away!
I've stopped listening, so why are you still talking?
I'm sorry I asked "How dumb can you get?" You seem to be taking it as a challenge.
If you can't take a joke, I suggest you avoid mirrors.
You're like a glow stick. I want to snap you and shake the shit out of you until the light comes on.
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings when I called you stupid. I thought you already knew.
Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too.
You remind me of a penny. Two-faced and not worth much.
What doesn't kill you disappoints me.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
If I got a dollar for every time I thought about you, I'd start thinking about you.
I think you're one cat short of crazy.
You are as emotionally stable as an IKEA table.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
I'd love to insult you, but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
You're about as important as a white crayon.
Mirrors don't lie, and lucky for you they don't laugh.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
You look like the kind of person that buys condoms on the way to a family reunion.
I've stepped in puddles deeper than you.
Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
I'm certain that 90% of her beauty could be removed with a Kleenex.
I think you're on the wrong floor because you're not on my level.
Hey there train wreck, this ain't your station.
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings when I called you stupid. I thought you already knew.
I can't be held responsible for what my face does when you talk.
If the human body is 60% water, you're not fat, you're having a flood.
Sorry for being late. I got caught up in enjoying my last few minutes of not being here.
I love you so much that if our boat was sinking and there was only one life jacket, I'd miss you a lot.
I love the sound you make when you shut up.
He's so dumb, he thought Sean Penn was the capitol of Cambodia.
Why don't you eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out smarter words.
Be yourself. No one else wants to be you.
If you hate yourself, remember that you are not alone. A lot of other people hate you too.
Two wrongs don't make a right. Take your parents as an example.
People who tolerate you on a daily basis... they're the real heroes.
You didn't fall from the stupid tree, you were dragged through the entire dumbass forest.
You look like I need a drink.
She's so ugly, when she walks by a toilet it flushes itself.
You're mama is so stupid, she walked by a Y.M.C.A. and said "Oh look, somebody spelled MACY'S wrong."
I wish you were more fluent in silence.
She's so fat, she has a real horse on her Polo shirt.
Your mother should have thrown you away and kept the stork.
Why do you sit there looking like an envelope without any address on it?
I've just learned about your illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial.
I wish someone would tear you down and put up a human being.
How would you like to donate a pint of blood through the nose?
Why don't you let that hole under your nose heal up?
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants its ass back?
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
Wipe your mouth. There's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
You're not yourself today. I noticed the improvement right away.
I heard you changed your mind. What did you do with the diaper?
Don't believe everything you think.
You may not be Mr. Right, but you'll do until he shows up.
Shhhh...that's the sound of nobody caring what you think.
If you have something to say, raise your hand and place it over your mouth.
Did you have an extra bowl of stupid this morning?
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me?
If you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to be a horrible warning.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be overjoyed.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!
If stupidity was painful, you'd be in agony.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
Go on. Add some variety to your sex life...use the other hand.
Those penis enlargement pills you took must be working. You're a bigger dick now than you were last week.
The next time your mind goes blank, do all of us a favor -- turn off the sound.
There are two sides to every argument, but I don't have time to listen to yours.
I'm not saying you're lazy, but you should try out for "American Idle."
People like you are the reason people like me need medication.
My imaginary friend thinks you have serious mental problems.
My greatest fear is there is no such thing as PMS and this is really your personality.
I'm not saying she's ugly, but if she was cast as Lady Godiva, the horse would steal the show.
I'd like to leave you with one thought, but I'm not sure you have a place to put it.
I know that you're nobody's fool, but maybe someone will adopt you.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'll be glad to do so for you.
Sometimes I think that the only way you can get stupider is to get bigger.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
I like you. People say I've no taste, but I like you.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Keep talking; someday you'll say something intelligent.
Don't you just love nature, despite what it did to you?
Are you going to be the cause of my next headache?
Save Your Breath... You'll need it to blow up your date.
After meeting you, I've decided I am in favor of abortion.
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the one that made it.
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
Someday you will get your big chance...or have you already had it?
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid.
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
I know my biology; it's your biology I don't know.
If I gave a shit, you'd be the first person I'd give it to.
Please tell your pants its not polite to point.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
It's okay to be ugly, but aren't you overdoing it?
Stupidity: The only American Superpower we're missing.
There's an old idiom that says an elephant never forgets. In this case, I wish it were true.
Don't be so cheap. Have a Coke and a smile.
I hate how stupid the world can be.
If you say things enough times, they'll sound right eventually.
I'm not stupid, just a bit busy.
Stop saying stupid things. It doesn't become you.
You are a fine specimen of a man, and I would enjoy being your sexual deviant.
I've never seen a brainless person with a hairdo.
Have you ever wondered how stupid you look to everyone else?
A lot of people say a good way to get over someone is to talk about them. It doesn't work for you because you're stupid.
You remind me of a blind person reading this book.